docs: restore skills documentation (#3010)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/ai/skills.mdx

---
title: Clerk Skills
description: Install Clerk Skills to enhance AI coding agents with authentication expertise.
---

[Clerk Skills](https://github.com/clerk/skills) are installable packages that give AI coding agents specialized knowledge about Clerk. Once installed, your agent can help you add authentication, manage organizations, sync users, and more.

## Installation

To install all available Skills, use:

```bash
npx skills add clerk/skills
```

To install a specific Skill, use:

```bash
npx skills add clerk/skills --skill {skill-name}
```

> Works with Claude Code, Cursor, Windsurf, GitHub Copilot, Codex, Gemini CLI, and more. See [all supported agents](https://github.com/vercel-labs/add-skill?tab=readme-ov-file#available-agents).

Author: ```suggestion
Works with Claude Code, Cursor, Windsurf, GitHub Copilot, Codex, Gemini CLI, and more. See [all supported agents](https://github.com/vercel-labs/skills?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-agents).
```
